---
title: 18 Dec 2017, 11:49:19
updated: 2025-05-26 08:56:11Z
created: 2025-05-26 09:54:58Z
tags:
  - archived
---

<div style="display: none;"> </div>

TIME

BUsiness Models!!

shop

How many years are we here - evidence

Bike Shop- Share of profit??

On paper,LEGALLY BINDNG

IS THE GUY GOOD OR A HOBBYIST

1.Sourcing equipment (Shop front - possible can buy pay monthly)

2.Stock free- bought

3.Advetising (bois, friday ad, gumtree, bike checks)

mentoring

space

long term

in with them

Ghana element....get goods

TVs. Gym equipment. bikes, church based equipment, Music equipment.

Computers. Books learning. Farming equipment. Toys.

specialize...container space. Security. Warehouse,

free storage??? %ages...there are other buildings

UK

1. Sell turnover. Upscale. Vans available boot/auctions - stage 1

sell boot/auction...ready money

2. ?ebay

3. ?online prescence

4. ?website. YouTube blog

----------------------------------------------------------

One love community project (spaces around london, opportunities

elsewhere)

Enbc sub contractor

2 Real

Shops are available at pepper but will soon be gone (upcycle shop

turn it into we buy any thing, bike shop, vegan shop,)...if shop is

needed the provide concept

Workspace available (yoga, storage, goods)

ENDC shop (office hub) will showcase mentors who will have dropin

sessons and a desk (desk will show a snippet...then workspace

upstairs will be main functioning place)...The community can come in

pitch for resources and will be allocated a mentor or invited to

speak to a business owner. People who already possess skills are

welcome to contribute add and get value from bulilding skills and

helping others, share of profit)

Details of these people need to be captured on a database and able to

(agile) be manipulated for various use cases (Software) (blockchain)

via a central hub (system design)

Q's

does it need to be shared

does it have to have one contoller

easy entry point Apple App

https://recordskeeper.co/

www.bigchaindb.com

software

Ninox Database for iPad

Feature-Rich Database Applications

is there any software/Dapp or Blockchain at the moment which can

capture peoples Details in a database and the it can be stored/

manipulated for various use cases on the blockchain? The preferalble

initial data input decive would run Apple ios