---
title: 29 Mar 2018, 10:27:38
updated: 2025-05-26 15:17:11Z
created: 2025-05-26 09:55:17Z
---

<div style="display: none;"> </div>

An email I wrote to family and friends and felt the group would also benefit from.

Hi All,

Something very interesting is occurring. Since January 2017 very large amounts of money have been moving into cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin. At the beginning of December 2016 there was approximately $14 billion invested in all cryptocurrencies. However, as of today there is approximately $73 billion invested without any signs of a slowdown. Is this simply a pump and dump scheme or is this truly a wealth transfer happening with our eyes wide shut. From my research, it appears that cryptocurrencies are here to stay and we're witnessing a wealth transfer. Now this doesn't mean that the original cryptocurrency known as Bitcoin will remain the leader, but I do think that cryptocurrency and blockchain technology will be as big as the Internet revolution. Japan has recently officially recognized Bitcoin as a currency and Russia will in 2018. In March the US SEC refused to recognize Bitcoin but they have agreed to re-evaluate that decision.

I can't tell you how to invest because I'm also trying to figure this new phenomenon out myself. However, here is what little I know. Bitcoin remains the cryptocurrency of choice by those who want nothing more than to see the central banks collapse. Its most loyal investors seem very anti-government. Some governments around the world including the US and China have tried unsuccessfully to ruin Bitcoin but it seems to keep coming back from the grave only to have its price go up higher and higher. The latest incident is a global ransomware virus where the perpetrators ask for Bitcoin. Many believe that this was a government sponsored event to justify regulating Bitcoin. Bitcoin is currently trading around $2067 per coin.

The second largest coin is Ripple which the big banks are behind. Ripple will allow bank transfers anywhere in the world within a few seconds. If Ripple becomes the dominant coin then essentially nothing changes. Banks will still be able to easily manipulate the currency and control the monetary system as they always have. Ripple has attracted nearly $100 million of venture funding to ensure it succeeds. It's value increased about 20 times in a few days and then after word spread that it's an attempt by the big banks and government to take control of the cryptocurrency market it begin losing support. Ripple is currently trading around 35 cents per coin. Personally, I would avoid this coin like the plague and go for Stellar Lumens which I speak about below.

Next there is Ethereum which is currently the darling in the cryptocurrency space. Many large corporations have announced they will support Ethereum. It allows them to create applications with something called smart contracts. Over the past few months Ethereum has went from $10 to $138 per coin.

Then there is Stellar Lumens. It just recently broke into the top 10 largest coins by marketcap when its price increased about 10 times to its current value of 5.4 cents per coin. Stellar Lumens was created by the same guy who started Ripple after he didn't like the direction of Ripple. Stellar also allows banks to transfer money anywhere around the world within a few seconds but at virtually no cost. They have decided to make the software code open source so that it will not be controlled as the case with Ripple. They are also focused on developing nations and they are beginning with Nigeria. Money transfers to and between developing nations is a huge problem that forces the poorest countries to pay the highest transfer fees. Stellar has solved this in a manner that allows banks to benefit from the technology but not control it.

So, you have Bitcoin, Ethereum and Stellar Lumens representing three very different price ranges to begin investing in cryptocurrencies. Don't miss the great wealth transfer that is happening right now. At the very least, take a $25 and purchase 450 Stellar Lumens coins. Both Bitcoin and Ethereum can be purchased at http://coinbase.com and Stellar Lumens can be purchased at http://poloniex.com.

And please take what I say with a grain of salt since I'm no financial advisor nor do I have insider knowledge to know what any of these coins will do in the future. Any or all could theoretically go to zero so please do your own research. I have attached a quick informative video and also a chart showing the sudden rise in cryptocurrency investments over the past few months.

Cheers,

Eric

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIFpeBEUa9s&t=319s6

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EA53r43vGCA

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j23HnORQXvs

Bitcoin is not the same as for example real wage economics like housing market stock market